**2018 Computational Law and Blockchain (“CL+B”) Festival Code of Conduct for the BOSTON-MIT NODE**

Welcome to the 2018 Computational Law & Blockchain Festival! We’re excited to learn, hack, a2018 Computational Law and Blockchain (“CL+B”) nd discuss with you over the course of the weekend. This code of conduct is designed to create a fun, safe, and welcoming environment for all participants, and to set enforceable ground rules for participation in the Festival. This Code of Conduct applies to the Boston-MIT node of the Festival, not any other node.

Participation at CL+B Festival. You agree that your presence at the CL+B Festival indicates complete compliance with all rules in this Code of Conduct. Participants or non-participating observers violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the Festival and disallowed from participating in any future events at the discretion of the organizers. Additionally you agree that the CL+B Festival and participating sponsors and media partners will be allowed to capture your sound and image via any recording medium (audio, video, photo, any form of artwork) at the Festival for use in promotion and marketing with regard to their participation and your participation at the CL+B Festival.

Be Kind and Helpful. The CL+B Festival is designed for individuals of all backgrounds and skill levels. That means some people at the Festival are attending to share legal, business, or technical expertise, while others are beginners attending to learn. Experts should be respectful of and helpful to beginners, and beginners should feel comfortable asking questions to experts.

Free and Open Source Output; Original Content; Filming/Publication. The purpose of the CL+B Festival is to educate attendees about computational law and blockchain technology; to engage in third-party “hackathon”-style challenges to develop open source tools and use cases; and to participate in law and policy discussions related to computational law and blockchain technology. In the spirit of collaboration and for the betterment of this growing industry, we strongly suggest that all educational and discussion output of the CL+B Festival are to be released into the public domain or pursuant to a Creative Commons license and all software be released pursuant to open source licenses. Speaker content must be original or the speaker must have the right to use the content (and to have that content filmed and made publicly available). Participants acknowledge and agree that their presentations may be filmed and made publicly available.

Business Activity Restrictions at CL+B Festival. The CL+B Festival asks that all participants and non-participating observers refrain from engaging in business-related activity during the Festival, including but not limited to sales pitches, business promotion, and solicitation of clients. This Festival is not a sales conference, it is an opportunity to learn and solve problems. Please respect that.

No Legal and Financial Advice. The Fest is an educational and informational event. Nothing you hear from presenters or organizers at the Festival should be considered legal or financial advice, and presentations during the conference do not form an attorney-client relationship. Please do not discuss personal legal or financial issues during the Festival, including during Q&A portions of CL+B Festival sessions. Attorneys, consultants, and financial advisors: please do not solicit clients during the CL+B Festival.

Safety and Harassment Protection at the CL+B Festival. CL+B Festival is dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for everyone regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any event venue, including presentations, talks, or pitches. 

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion, sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately and to not repeat their behavior.

Sponsors and partners are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In particular, sponsors and partners should not use sexualized images in any activities or in any other material. Representatives of our sponsors and partners should not use sexualized clothing/uniforms/costumes, or otherwise create a sexualized environment.

Remember that exclusionary jokes can be offensive to those around you and are not appropriate for the CL+B Festival.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the event. The participant will be responsible at all times for any of their own costs incurred. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of CL+B Festival staff immediately.

Health, Care, and Liability at CL+B Festival. Any participant who is demonstrably unwell, behaving erratically, or intoxicated will be asked to leave the event immediately for the health and safety of all participants. Venue or event security, authorities, and/or medical professionals will be called to escort any unwell person from the site. Anyone so escorted will be entirely responsible for any and all costs incurred, the CL+B Festival assumes no liability or any other consequences from such circumstances.

No alcohol or other controlled or illegal substances of any kind may be brought on site by participants at any time. Possession of such will result in immediate expulsion, sanctioning, alerting authorities, and banning from future events.

Please Contact Us Immediately Whenever You Need Assistance. CL+B Festival staff at your local node will be happy to help participants contact venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to help them feel safe for the duration of our events. We value your attendance.

If the matter is especially urgent or a local staff member is unavailable, please contact any of our organizers – all reports are confidential.
